Report:  Submit a report by answering the questions shown below along with your Lab work.
Your answers should not be more than 5 to 6 sentences for each question.


1.Observe your output for quadratic probing and double hashing and compare the performance of both techniques for the build and find operations.

According to my output, quadratic probing is slightly faster than double hashing. In terms of number of items successfully found, quadratic probing
occasionally finds a couple more entries than double hashing, but only barely. I assume quadratic is slightly faster because it requires just the use
of one function, whereas double hashing utilizes another function, and constantly has to recalculate stuff. Quadratic probing just increases an iterator
by one, and does simply square calculations. As for find, Quadratic probably finds a few more simply because it is able to build almost every entry,
but double hashing occasionally is not able to before k=25.

2.Which hashing technique performs better when searching and why?
Quadratic probing performs slightly better. As I mentioned, this is probably just because it is slightly more consistent in being able to insert
everything, so it is able to find more, whereas double hashing rarely has too many collisions before k=25, so it won't always insert every entry,
and hence cannot find some random entries. Quadratic probing also is able to search quicker because it utilizes just one equation/function, where
double hashing has to constantly reference between two equations/functions.


3.Justify the worst case complexity of each of your experimental profiling results and compare them to the worst
case complexity of the theoretical results for the build times with each of the hashing techniques.
Both quadratic and double hashing appear to just have complexities of O(n). The appear to be linear since they increase
at a fairly steady rate between different input sizes. They do not drastically change like one would expect if they
were instead O(n^2). Plus, if we look at their equations, they don't do anything dealing with n^2, but instead
their equations/functions appear linear. The experimental profiling results seem to match up with
the theoretical results for the build times for both of them. I do not see anything that suggests
that they don't line up with the theoretical results.
